When you refactor, it's important to improve the efficiency
of your code in addition to making it clean and modular.
There are two parts to making code efficient: reducing the time it takes to run,
and reducing the amount of space it takes up and memory.
Both can have a significant impact on a company or products performance.
So, it's important to practice this.
It's especially important if you will be working in a production environment.
However, it should be noted that how important
it is to improve efficiency is context dependent.
Slow code, might be possible in one case and not another.
For example, some batch data preparation processes,
might not need to be optimized right away if
it runs once every three days, for a few minutes.
On the other hand,
code used to generate posts to show on a social media feed needs to be relatively fast,
since updates happen instantaneously.
Again, you may spend a lot of time refactoring to
clean or optimize your code after you already have something working.
It's important to understand how valuable this
is for your work and yourself as a developer.
Each time you optimize your code,
you'll pick up new knowledge and skills which will
make you a more efficient programmer over time.
Let's see a few examples of inefficient code,
and practice refactoring to optimize their performance.